#Navigating the File system
The Cd Command
Touch command and rm command
Mkdir and rmdir
ls command
pwd command
	

	#Git
Git add command
Git commit
Git add .
Git push command
Git branch command
Git merge branch name
Git checkout
Git checkout master
Git rivert command

#PYTHON QUESTIONS
1. python filename.py
2. use a variable
3 print statement
4.If or else statement
5. while Loop 
6. if it is true , the code executes the body of the loop again
7. sequence is the generic term for an ordered set. Lists are the most versatile sequence type 
list are mutable, Tuples are immutable, they can't be changed.
Strings are special type of sequences that only store characters.
8. To return a vale from a function , you must include a return statement , followed by the value to be returned.
9. The variable n is called an index and the set of values that it can take is called index set.
10. The first index is zero 
11. Add an item to the end:(append) To remove , provide a range of elements to the del statement
12.-1
13.len()
14. authors name , date , title , code version , type and web address
15.Don't Repeat Yourself
16 . scope is the block or body of any python function 
17.parameter is a variable listed inside the parentheses in the function. 
Argument is the value that are sent to the function 
18. a function defined in terms of itself 
19. you must include a return statement , followed by the value to be returned
20 Dictonary is an unordered collection of data values. it is used to store multiple data with key value pairs
21.use the del method
22. using in opeator , dict.items(). To change use dict[Key]
23.sequence allow you to store multiple values
24.unordered sequence of Items
25.use dict.items()to iterate over the keys 
26 a programming paradigm that uses objects and classes in programming
27 class creates a user- defined data structure.  classes are for defining a particula type of object
28.class properties provides an interface to instance atrributes.the __Init__()method is use to ive a class an initial set of properties
29. a method that is bound to the class and not the object of the class
30.inheritance allows us to define a class that inherits all the methods and properties from another class
31.dict, list ,set and tuple 